Update "Whats included?" section in the Readme for new apps (#972)
blitz-js/blitz: packages/generator/templates/app/README.md

- `public/` is a directory where you will put any static assets. If you have images, files, or videos which you want to use in your app, this is where to put them.

> - `test/` is a directory where you can put your automated tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test/` is a directory where you can put your unit and integration tests.
```

- `utils/` is a good place to put any shared utility files which you might use across different sections of your app.

- `.babelrc.js`, `.env`, etc. ("dotfiles") are configuration files for various bits of JavaScript tooling.

- `blitz.config.js` is for advanced custom configuration of Blitz. It extends [`next.config.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/introduction).

> - `jest.config.js` is a file where you can find Jest's configuration.

Reviewer: We should link out to the Jest docs here with a note that it can be safely customized

> - `jest.config.js` is a file where you can find Jest's configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `jest.config.js` contains config for Jest tests. You can [customize it if needed](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration).
```
